---
layout: post
title: Thank You
description: "End of the year goodbyes and thank yous"
category:
tags: []
---

Thank YOU.

With the end of the year approaching, I would like to take the time to say end of the year thank yous. I want to say thank you to all the people that have been present in my life this year, everyone new and old that I have met, interacted with, and learned from. Thank you to all who I have had the opportunity to share my experiences as well as listen to yours, whether it be ILTM, Common Ground, or Katrina Recovery Trip.

This semester especially, I know I haven’t been the best at keeping up with the social life at Bucknell. It was a difficult semester with the classes I was taking, scanning out the internship searches, and planning for this trip. However, I have been fortunate enough to be surrounded by the best friends ever (you know who you are) and I have been fortunate to cement many of those friendships this semester. I have been especially fortunate enough to the company of one special one of these souls (I am not going to say who, but I think you know her very well ;)) who has been a constant source of support and inspiration; I am going to miss you the most.

Also, thank you for all of you that signed my birthday book. Everyone that came to the party and everyone who wrote those thoughtful messages made my birthday very special! It meant a lot to me to see friends to take that time for me especially during finals. Even though I am here in London this semester, I would like to maintain your friendships while I am abroad. Please feel free to message me, snap me, email me, please please please stay in touch especially those who are graduating.

Thank you for taking the time to read the first entry in what I hope will become a series of blogs.

Happy New Year!
