---
layout: post
title: Leaving a mark
description: ""
category:
tags: []
---

Yesterday I went on the most amazing guided tour I've ever gone to, credit to just as much the tour as the guide himself. The tour, led by my man Kiya, was an alternative
London walking tour about the history and culture of the Brick Lane 'Banglatown' and Shoreditch areas as well as current issues and street art. I found out about the tour through the Londonist, a website that have been visiting frequently recently to find out free events. Initially, I had told my friends about this tour and it didn't seem like they wanted to go, but I'm so glad I went. I had the opportunity to look at parts of London that I normally might not see. Kiya is an artist himself, and as soon as we started the tour, I could sense that artistic vibe from him. Since the beginning of the tour, Kiya emphasized participation and questions from everyone, and express our opinions openly. Now, the tour was somewhat free, what I mean by somewhat is that it was a "pay what you want" tour. So, I was curious as to why someone would instead of working on their art, would waste two hours daily, and spend it walking with total strangers around London, so I asked him. His response was that he was very passionate about street art, and educating others about street art was a fun way for him to make cash for his living. I could see that passion throughout the tour. And honestly tours are so much more fun and educating when the guide is someone who is passionate about what he is showing. So 20 strangers spent the next two hours, in the cold that kept getting worst, walking and exploring around the 3rd poorest area in London. Kiya explained to us the meaning of graffiti, graffiti means to scratch. As the tour went on, he slowly scratched beneath the surface level of Spitalfields, and its history, culture, and art. I learned to be more observational as he showed us Jonesy's sculpture on top of the street post. Jonesy could make thousands selling that sculpture, but instead he chooses to put it on top of a city property which would land up in jail for 2 years for putting that sculpture. It was nice to know that there are still people like Mr Houssain who give artist room to develop their skills, and practice their craft openly. Mr Houssain is a business man who owns an Indian restaurant, and also a dessert shop. He had wall that were empty screaming for advertising opportunity. After initially seeing his work first, he gave an opportunity to the now famous artist Roa to showcase his talents, and he did. Now his art is so famous that people around the world come to see that wall, and by chance, when they get hungry go eat at Mr Houssain's restaurants. It was also interesting to see the dynamic between art and economic stimulus. Mighty Mo!, this piece of work inspired me. Mo when he was young in the growing London used to think of ever rising buildings as mountains. So, he used to climb those mountains and plant his flag on top of them with his spraypaint, as if to announce to the world his accomplishment, that he had conquered that building. Last one on the trip was a graffiti made by artist named Lily, and she puts aquatic creatures on the top of building walls to make statement about global warming, and how if we don't do anything about it, we will have to share our spaces with them.

What an eye-opener this tour is! I never would of been able to see Shoreditch in such artistic detail without the genius insight of our tour guide. He tied the vibrant and diverse street art culture with the rich history of the area and explore the cultural significance of each piece. They also show you parts of the area & art you would of never seen on your own accord, training your eye for future endeavours around London. City is a canvas for people to leave their marks on. They are places where people can tell their stories. By scratching a wall, decorating a street post, these people let the world know that they exist, that they were here, they are here, visually communicating to the world how they have connected with this corner of the world. I wish I can leave some mark of my own on this amazing city by the end of this semester.
